Update Incident Management landing page (#30850)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_management/incident_management/analytics.md

- [Incident Management Overview Dashboard template][3] 
- [Notebook Incident Report template][4]

### Incident timestamps

> Incidents carry three timestamp attributes that drive analytics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Incidents have three timestamp attributes that inform analytics:
```

Author: Really appreciate feedback here. Committed everything accept this one. I'm not sure "inform" fits here — these timestamps basically determine the values of the analytical measures we report. If not "drive," maybe "influence"?

Reviewer: Sounds good! I'll approve the PR and get it merged now.

> * Declaration time (`declared`) is the moment the incident was declared.
> * Detection time (`detected`) is the moment the underlying resource from which an incident was declared was created. For example, if a monitor alert fires at 2 p.m. and you declare an incident from it at 2:30 p.m., the `detected` time would be 2:30 p.m. If you did not declare the incident from another Datadog resource, `detected` is equivalent to `declared`.
> * Resolution time (`resolved`) is the moment the incident was last resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Declaration time (`declared`): When the incident was declared.
* Detection time (`detected`): When the underlying resource from which the incident was declared was created. For example, if a monitor alert fires at 2 p.m. and the incident is declared at 2:30 p.m., the detected time is 2:30 p.m. If the incident wasn't declared from another Datadog resource, `detected` is the same as `declared`.
* Resolution time (`resolved`): When the incident was most recently resolved.
```

### Measures

Incident Management reports the following analytic measures, which you can use to power analytic queries in Dashboard and Notebook widgets:

> - `Customer Impact Duration`: The duration customers were impacted, based on the impacts defined on the incident.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Customer Impact Duration`: The duration during which customers were impacted, based on the impacts defined on the incident.
```
